# 2022/03/04

:::{admonition} Measurement type
- Understanding ADC channel modulation: PART 1
:::

# Goal:
Understand why the ADC channel is modulated when we do rotation measurements (add link)

# Experimenters:
Bruce Pritchard, Justin Kim, Tom Holroyd, Amaia Benitez

# Notes:
**Setup**
- We used the rotation plate to run rotation measurements. Tom rotated the plate from inside the MSR
- We kept the calibrator on and the sensor array on the rotation plate during the door opening/closing experiments
**Measurements**

- We ran rotation data (27Hz, 2Vpp, coil0) -- Tom was inside the MSR:
    - Do we see modulation when the ADC channel is solely connected to the CTF system? and does recording additional sensors interfere with the adc measurement?
        1 - with ADC from calibrator connected to the CTF system (on tako ... meglab ... _001.ds) [liquifier off]
        2 - with ADC from calibrator connected to the CTF system + 3 opm Refs on (on tako ... meglab ... 004.ds) [ liquifier on]
    - Can we replicate the modulation we've seen in previous datasets? does recording additonal sensors interfere with the adc measurement?
        3 - with ADC from calibrator connected to the FieldLine system (on tako ... opm... *13-32-39_raw.ds) [liquifier off]
        4 - with ADC from calibrator connected to the FieldLine system + 3Refs (on tako ... opm ... *16-58-17_raw.ds) [ liquifier on]
    - Do we see the same kind of modulation when the input is DC? does recording additional sensors interfere with the adc measurement?
        5 - with ADC from function generator (+2.5V offsets, input 1.14Vpp)  (on tako ... opm... *13-51-51_raw.ds) [liquifier off]
        6 - with ADC from DC voltage box created by Bruce and Justin connected to the Fieldline system + 3 ref sensors ( *15-41-09_raw.ds) [liquifier on]

- We ran door opening data (with 27Hz, 2Vpp, coil0)
    - Is the modulation in the adc channel derived from the change in magnetic field experienced by the opm sensors and not related to movement?
        7 - with ADC connected to the FieldLine system (on tako... opm ... *17-14-06_raw.ds) [liquifier on]
        8 - with ADC connected to the FieldLine system + 3 refs ( on tako... opm ... *17-10-12_raw.ds) [liquifier on}
    - Is the modulation caused by the "closest" active channel?
        9 - with ADC connected to the FieldLine system + 2 refs (we turned off ref 1) (on tako...opm...*17-51-01_raw.ds) [liquifier on]
    - Can we observe the modulation if the adc is connected to the ctf system?
        10 - with ADC connected to the CTF system +3 refs (on tako... meglab.. _002.ds)
        11 - with ADC connected to the CTF system without refs (on tako.... meglab ... 003.ds)


**Data at a glance**
Click [here](../Data_At_A_Glance/20220304.md) to get a feel for the data. 