# 2022/02/15

:::{admonition} Measurement type
- Linearity tests
- Offset tests
- Movement tests
:::

# Goal:
1. Offset tests
2. Linearity test with and without DFC
3. Test chebishev filter
4. Rotation measurements

# Experimenters:
Allison Nugent, Tom Holroyd, Amaia Benitez

# Notes:
**Setup**
- K reference sensor was [shifted](20220207_shiftedK) upwards by ~1cm, using a small platform made of nylon screws and cardboard
- [2 chassis](20220207_2Chass) were used: 0: primary sensors(1-13;15-16); 1: reference sensors (1-3)
- Calibrator and sensor arrays were placed on rotating plate (microwave plate)
- 2 ADC channels were used: 1| 27 Hz signal to coil 0 ; 2| button press (red button)

**Measurements**
1. Rotation tests (on the IJ plane):
    - with/ without DFC, with/without mu coils
    - We energized coil0, with 27Hz 2Vpp. No spacer was used.
    - We used ema filter with tau 10ms for these recordings.
    - Recordings were 240s long. 
    - Onset of movement event was recorded with button press
    - A.N. was inside the MSR and rotated the calibrator/sensors at known steps: +10, +20, +10, 0, -10, -20, -10, 0, +20, 0, -20, +20, 0
    - Each step was ~10s.

    ```{admonition} Issues
    :class: warning
    On the first run, there was an errant button press, somewhere in the middle, but it should be obvious, it's about 2s or so after the normally timed button press
    ```

2. Translation tests (using MEG chair)
    - A.N. pushed the chair back towards the MEG by about 2-3cm, waited ~6-8s, pulled the chair back, waited, raised the chair a cm or so, then lowered it
    - same acquisition parameters as rotation tests, except duration was 60s long
    - no button press was used

3. Linearity tests:
    - Mu coils always ON
    - We tested linearity with 5Hz and 27Hz input sine wave on coil0. 
    - Tau was set to 5ms when input sine wave was 5Hz; it was set to 10ms when input was 27Hz.
    - Recordings were 120s long
    - Tests were repeated with/without DFC. 
    - We tested: 0.1, 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 5, 6Vpp

4. Offset tests: 
    - mu coils ON, no DFC, no coil0. 
    - 10s recordings.
    - 5 repetitions with 2 chassis; 
    - 5 repetitions with 1 chassis (refs were 1 5,9)


**Data at a glance**
Click [here](../Data_At_A_Glance/20220215.md) to get a feel for the data. 

